#devArp2 based on devART

# Window geometry
padding.width: 0
border.width: 1
window.client.padding.width: 0
window.client.padding.height: 0
window.handle.width: 1

#Menu geometry
menu.border.width: 0
menu.overlap: -3

# Border colors
window.active.border.color: #343434
window.inactive.border.color: #343434
menu.border.color: #343434
window.active.client.color: #343434
window.inactive.client.color: #343434

# Text shadows
window.active.label.text.font: shadow=n
window.inactive.label.text.font: shadow=n
menu.items.font: shadow=n
menu.title.text.font: shadow=n

# Window title justification
window.label.text.justify: center

# Active window
window.active.title.bg: Flat Solid
window.active.title.bg.color: #343434
window.active.label.bg: Parentrelative
window.active.label.text.color: #9E9E9E

window.active.handle.bg: Flat Solid
window.active.handle.bg.color: #343434

window.active.grip.bg: Flat Solid
window.active.grip.bg.color: #343434


window.active.button.unpressed.bg: Parentrelative
window.active.button.unpressed.image.color: #9E9E9E

window.active.button.pressed.bg: Parentrelative
window.active.button.pressed.image.color: #FFFFFF

window.active.button.disabled.bg: Parentrelative
window.active.button.disabled.image.color: #4A4A4A

window.active.button.toggled.bg: Parentrelative
window.active.button.toggled.image.color: #FFFFFF

window.active.button.hover.bg: Parentrelative
window.active.button.hover.image.color: #FFFFFF

# Inactive windows
window.inactive.title.bg: Flat Solid
window.inactive.title.bg.color: #343434
window.inactive.label.bg: Parentrelative
window.inactive.label.text.color: #343434

window.inactive.handle.bg: Flat Solid
window.inactive.handle.bg.color: #343434

window.inactive.grip.bg: Flat Solid
window.inactive.grip.bg.color: #343434

window.inactive.button.unpressed.bg: Parentrelative
window.inactive.button.unpressed.image.color: #343434

window.inactive.button.pressed.bg: Parentrelative
window.inactive.button.pressed.image.color: #343434

window.inactive.button.disabled.bg: Parentrelative
window.inactive.button.disabled.image.color: #343434

window.inactive.button.toggled.bg: Parentrelative
window.inactive.button.toggled.image.color: #343434

window.inactive.button.hover.bg: Parentrelative
window.inactive.button.hover.image.color: #343434

# Menus
menu.title.bg: Flat Solid
menu.title.bg.color: #9E9E9E
menu.title.text.color: #343434
menu.title.text.justify: Center

menu.items.bg: Flat Solid Border
menu.items.bg.color: #343434
menu.items.text.color: #9E9E9E
menu.items.bg.border.color: #343434
menu.items.bg.borderWidth: 1
menu.items.disabled.text.color: #C7C7C7

menu.items.active.bg: Flat solid
menu.items.active.bg.color: #9E9E9E
menu.items.active.text.color: #343434
menu.items.active.disabled.text.color: #C7C7C7

#osd
osd.border.width: 0
osd.border.color:  #343434

osd.bg: flat solid
osd.bg.color: #343434
osd.label.bg: parentrelative
osd.label.text.color: #9E9E9E
